here is how to install in any
simplicity biotope aquariums serra
choose an appropriate location
avoid direct sunlight
made the aquarium on a solid support
the best is to use a piece of furniture
special for aquarium will leave biotope
cube combines an ultra modern design with a
perfectly harmonized technical
volume of water and 60 liters
ideal for comfort and well-being
fishes
aquariums serra biotope are
fully equipped immediately ready to
employment and biologically active
in each serra biotope cube you
find tips and tricks
useful for the layout of your
aquarium the technical elements are
already all installed for your safety
only the immersion heater is still
packaged just insert it into the
support provided for this purpose the installation
is thus completed in a jiffy the
bottom land these stalks off deposits is
very important for whites of
the aquarium with a layer of about 2
cm you will offer them the conditions
ideal for healthy growth and
biological cleaning of your water
aquarium
cover the earth to rush
deposit of a layer of about 5
centimeters of gravel or sand for
aquarium had laid out a little world
underwater with stones roots
well cleaned by providing hiding places
for fish
you can now fill the aquarium
of water and condition it for water
warm on a plate
you can also use the
seal cover of these raflera deposit
the land of funds will not be raised in
swirl when the aquarium is at
half filled added in the water the
water conditioner serves to akwa time in
respecting the dosage is for what are you
protects fish and bacteria from
cleaning of aggressive chlorine and
heavy metals dissolved in water
the scale on the top
facilitates the dosage
before introducing them to release
plants of the wool that surrounds them then
shorten and the roots of about
3 centimeters practiced now
holes in the land of funds and
introduced the plants
once all the plants are introduced
completely fill the aquarium with water
for the siporex filtration media
can start immediately
biological decomposition of substances
harmful
sprinkle serra filter bio start on the
filtration media
all that remains is to put the
technical elements and to connect them
filtration starts immediately and
then begins the biological filtration
harmful substances in the filter
start the biological decomposition of
harmful substances in the aquarium
with these unit discounts remake the
cleaning bacteria and rock
volcanic acid transforms ammonium and
nitrites turbidity are related and
minerals are released into the water with
adding these nutri radios with
the water this trouble slightly after four
at 24 hours the aquarium becomes crystal clear
and fish can be introduced
before and for security
check the main parameters of
the water with the seven serves to akwa test
this is very easy and very simple to
understand
even for novices just
compare the color of the measurement with
scale and raise the value
the description of the tests contains a
explanation you can now
introduce the fish
start by opening the sachet and
filled them with portions of
aquarium water after 20 to 30 minutes
carefully introduce the fish
in the aquarium using the dip net
serves to discard the transport water
then add a dose of greenhouse to akwa
time when the fish will have
acclimated they will be fed with the
food served pan
serra flore plus facilitates their roots
mans plants pressed the pellet
with macros essential element in
the land at the roots
helping you to clip plants
serra flowers tools series
nutrients will be found
so exactly where they are
consumed
biotope aquarium set for a world
natural aquatic
and
false